CRESECENDO Overview Notes (2024)

Rules have special codes that can be decoded by following the simple patterns:

Rules published in Section 6.7.1 (Question Box) start with "Q"
Rules published in Section 7 (Game Rules) start with "G"
Rules published in Section 8 (ROBOT Construction Rules) start with "R"
Rules published in Section 9 (Inspection & Eligibility) start with "I"
Rules published in Section 10 (Tournaments) start with "T"
Rules published in Section 12 (FIRST Championship Tournament) start with "C"
Rules published in Section 13 (Event Rules) start with "E"


-------------

As well, the rule codes are made up of 1 character and multiple digits. For example:

R710

The R stands for "Section 8 (ROBOT Construction Rules)"
The 7 stands for "Subsection 7 (Control Command & Signals Systems)"
The 10 stands for "Rule number 10 in subsection"

-------------

As well, in the manuals blue boxes may appear. These signify warnings, caution and notes. 
The may have examples or information that makes interrupting a role easier. This
does also mean that ACTUAL rules carry more weight than information included in
a bluebox.

-------------

The Q&A system is will not answer questions such as ones regarding:

>Rulings on vague situations
>Challenging decisions made at past events
>Design reviews of a ROBOT system for legality
>Duplicate questions
>Nonsens questions

Some examples of these could be:

>"Is this part/design legal?"
>"How should the REFEREE have ruled when this specific game play happened"

Good questions that will be answered are:

>"A device we are considering using on the ROBOT comes with purple AWG 40 wire, does this comply with rule Rxx and Rxx?"
>"We're not sure how to interpret how Rule Gxx applies if blue ROBOT A does X and red ROBOT B does Y, can you please clarify?"
>"If a ROBOT does this specific action, is it doing what this defined term is describing?"

To add on, question from "FRC 99999" are questions asked by key volunteers (REFEREES, INSPECTORS, etc), which are answered
by FIRST (and FIRST only) and are considered relevant to teams.

-------------
